All right.
So we have the categories as well in the States.
When we send this to a back in to say in the database, we can send the target, we can send the content
and we can send the categories up.
Now, the next thing we want is, as you can see in the field, the finished product.
We are going to allow the post to have featured images.
So we, we, we would implement this one.
And we also need to make sure that you can embed images in this rich text editor as well and like this
one.
So we have to work on this one.
So let's work on this one and then we're going to move on this one.
And finally, we will be ready to publish and I will show you how you can use that previously, even
though it's not really important because this restricts editor present pretty much everything you can
see here in front of your eyes.
So we don't really need much, but we can, we can work on that.
I guess so.
Let's see why how to fix this image.
Because as you can see here in our project at the moment, we don't have the image of our you said the
reason for that is for uploading the images you need to have here in the editor.
You need to have a name called upload image.
Right.
And then.
You'll be able to use a function, for example, to use a function.
When you do that, you get the file, all right?
And you can control the file.
So basically what you want to do is when you get the file, you want to send this file to the back end
so that we can save it, you know, back in or maybe use some cloud storage system like cloud injury
or abuse is 3 hours.
So we're going to use cloud in here, which is nice and easy to use.
So we're going to open up to cloud an area and now in return we will get the uploaded image here so
that your will receive here.
Okay.
And then when we save the post, we are going to save everything on with the the you are so each post
if the post has image here that here it will be here in the post right here.
Now you can see we have this image option because I added this function.
All right.
So let's try that.
Let's have a look at the console.
Let me try some in this.
Let me try this one.
All right.
So here.
What we have here.
You see, we got the file.
That is the one we come to locate.
That's the name.
All right.
So, as you can see, it works.
So what we need to do now is we have to, in sort of console.log, we have to use a function that will
handle the upload.
All right.
So let me just
let's come back to this 1/1.
Let's go to the back end and create the round in control function so that we can implement the image
upload.
Then we're going to send from here.
All right.
So when are you going to send it?
We're going to resize the images in the client ad, which is much faster, and sending the big file
to the server.
And so with resize, make it smaller in size, you know, doing in of doing all that we can resize in
the ground side which will very fast and then we send the resized images as binary data to the backend
and back we'll upload to cloud binary and then we get the uploaded year that that's the year we'll be
saving here when we're creating a post.